# Week 4 Meeting Minutes - 15/06/2022
## Participants: Joseph Cameron (Me), Ian Miguel, Kenneth Boyd, Xu Zhu

The first topic of discussion involved a review of my Plan & Context Survey deliverable. Both Ian & Ken were both very satisfied with my plan for the dissertation's section headings and contents. Regarding the initial draft for my Literature Review chapter, Ken & Ian both commented that it was a good start with lots of strong themes beginning to appear. They mainly stressed that I should be mindful about appropriately scoping the chapter's word count with regard to the overall size of the dissertation report. Regarding my plan for the project's timeline, both supervisors (Ian & Ken) were super happy with it, stating that if I manage to complete every element within that timeline then there should be no time-related issues or surprising time constraints.

Next, myself and Ian briefly discussed my advances with the MIDI editor I had started implementing and its playback functionality. Ian stated that it's excellent that I had managed to prove that I can technically implement the basic functionality required for a MIDI controller in the Java/Processing environment. With these advancements, it was clear that I could now go ahead with my user requirements study and with ideating innovative MIDI controller designs and interactions armed with the security of knowing what was technically possible to implement.

For the remainder of the meeting, we all discussed my researcher scripts for the semi-structured interview and activity observation components of the upcoming user research study to gather/understand user requirements for the MIDI controller. Overall reaction to the scripts was very positive, with Ian & Ken saying that the general themes of what I'm trying to discover and research should provide much useful insight from which the future MIDI controller can be designed, implemented, and evaluated. Ken's feedback was focused on slightly rewording some questions within the semi-structured interview to better achieve non-biased interviewing with users. After tweaking some of these questions, I finalised the researcher script for the user requirements study. To finish the meeting, we all agreed that my goal over the upcoming week would be to undertake the user requirements study with the five participants I had recruited and with the aid of the aforementioned finalised researcher script for the user requirements study.