# Week 9 Meeting Minutes - 22/07/2022
## Participants: Joseph Cameron (Me), Ian Miguel, Kenneth Boyd, Xu Zhu

To start the meeting, I presented my implementation of the Novel MIDI controller's editor mode. Ian liked the gesture interactions and many of the mode's features. Ken & Xu interacted with it extensively, and provided some useful feedback for improving it. For example, Ken suggested that I dial in the accuracy of selecting regions for placing notes via gesture interaction, as this is a crucial step towards achieving usability. I said that fixing all of these small issues and finishing the editor mode would be one of the goals over the next week.

After finishing editor mode fully, I will then bring live mode and editor mode together to create the full Novel MIDI controller application, which will be ready for the evaluation study with participants. Furthermore, I will implement traditional mouse and keyboard interactions that correlate to the gesture interactions. These traditional interactions will provide an alternative mode of interaction and will allow for evaluation of the creativity-related aspects of the Novel MIDI controller separate from the gesture-based interactions.

The next major topic of discussion focused on designing the evaluation study. I suggested that I should evaluate the Novel MIDI controller against other traditional MIDI controllers like the MIDI keyboard and Logic Pro X as I had shown to the participants in the user requirements study. This can be done via another observation study where I observe participants performing activities with each MIDI controller and measure statistics such as time taken and the number of errors made. Ian, Ken, & Xu all loved the idea of taking quantitative data alongside qualitative data for the evaluation. Finally, I suggested that I conduct another semi-structured interview after the observation study to gain deeper participant feedback and insight into the MIDI controllers. Then after some further discussion, we all agreed that pairing the semi-structured interview with a questionnaire for the participants to fill out would cover all bases and provide the most comprehensive evaluation. Hence, the other major goal over the next week is for me to create a researcher script for the observation study, the semi-structured interview, and the questionnaire components of the evaluation study. This script will be checked over in next week's meeting with the goal of then starting the evaluation study with participants immediately after.