# Week 7 Meeting Minutes - 09/07/2022
## Participants: Joseph Cameron (Me), Ian Miguel, Kenneth Boyd, Xu Zhu

The first topic of discussion was the initial user requirements study chapter I had presented. Ken & Ian were happy with its contents and general structure. At this point, they advised that I should now put writing on hold though to make sure that I make significant progress with the implementation of my MIDI controller in the coming weeks. I agreed with this.

Naturally, the rest of the meeting was spent discussing my design ideas, and how they would be taken forward in the implementation phase. I presented my sketches and discussed my ideas with Ian, Ken, & Xu. At this point, I revealed that the name of my MIDI controller would be the 'Novel MIDI Controller', and that I would call the gesture-based user interactions 'conductor interactions'. Everyone liked the ideas and their associated names. At this point, Ian mentioned that I should now commence implementation, as it's better to sort out any potential implementation roadblocks sooner rather than later. I agreed, and stated that I would look to spend two weeks on this. In my designs, I explain that there are two modes for the MIDI controller, one being 'Live Mode' where users can play sounds and compositions live with gestures, and the other being 'Editor Mode' where users can edit compositions with gestures. My plan is to spend the first week on finishing live mode and to make a start on editor mode, then to spend the second week finishing editor mode and bringing everything together into a complete application. Everyone thought that this a sensible plan. Ken then made a concluding point, saying that I should always be mindful of implementing all the features that I want to evaluate with users, as it's better to have all features implemented and usable during the evaluation study rather than alternatively asking participants to imagine non-existent features. I wholeheartedly agreed with this.