# Week 5 Meeting Minutes - 22/06/2022
## Participants: Joseph Cameron (Me), Ian Miguel, Kenneth Boyd, Xu Zhu

The meeting started with discussion on some findings from the user requirements study. Ken & Xu both suggested that I should try and summarise the key findings as soon as possible, while also using/displaying quotes from the participants (while keeping participants anonymous of course) where relevant to emphasise these key findings. They also recommended that I write up this study and its findings in this style within my dissertation report for the user requirements study chapter. To analyse the qualitative data generated from the user requirements study, Ken & Ian suggested that I should take a grounded theory approach with its coding techniques to identify themes etc. Hence, I suggested that one of my goals over the next week would be to perform qualitative analysis on the qualitative data from the user requirements study using grounded theory. This would involve me taking more time to further research and better understand grounded theory, as it is still a relatively new framework for me to work in.

The discussion then focused on starting the design stage of the user-centred design process that I'm following in this project. We all agreed that it would be sensible for me to start sketching some initial design ideas immediately after I finish analysing the qualitative data from the user requirements study. Hence, I said that I hope to make this a secondary goal of mine over the next week, depending on how the grounded theory analysis goes. Regarding the nature of the design process itself, Ken and myself both agreed that creating scenario and concept sketches would enable a good level of brainstorming that is necessary when looking to design potentially innovative and groundbreaking design solutions for user interactions or technical features with/on a new MIDI controller.

The meeting concluded with me stating that I would also like to spend some time over the next week improving my dissertation's literature review chapter, so that I can sooner have a picture of the existing research. Ian & Ken both encouraged this approach of me wanting to write my dissertation progressively throughout the project, and so I also made this a goal for the upcoming week.